## Sample python project with please .
Install python and please .

## Getting Started 
```
plz init --no_prompt

Wrote config template to /home/ec2-user/plz-bld/main/.plzconfig, you're now ready to go!
Also wrote wrapper script to pleasew; users can invoke that directly to run Please, even without it installed.
Also marking plz-out to be ignored by your SCM.
```

## A note about your Please PATH
Please doesn't use your host system's PATH variable. By default, Please uses /usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin. If Python isn't in this path, you will need to add the following to .plzconfig:
```
[build]
path = $YOUR_PYTHON_INSTALL_HERE:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin
```

## pleasew 
The pleasew script is a wrapper script that will automatically install Please if it's not already! This means Please projects are portable and can always be built via 
```
git clone https://... example_module && cd example_module && ./pleasew build.
```

## .plzconfig 
.plzconfig contains the project configuration for Please;

## BUILD 
We now need to tell Please about our Python code. Please projects define metadata about the targets that are available to be built in BUILD files.
python_binary() is one of many built-in functions.
This build function creates a "build target" in the src package.
A package, in the Please sense, is any directory that contains a BUILD file. 

## Running plz
if the target is a binary, you may run it with plz run.
``` 
plz run //src:main
```
// - root dir
src - folder in which our file is that we want to run 
: - Use target name
main - target name

## plz-out
is a output directory created by plz 

## Adding modules
Please doesn't just have one metadata file in the root of the project. Please will typically have one BUILD file per Python package.
```
plz build //src/greetings
```
## visibility 
This is used to control where this python_library() rule can be used within our project.
In this case, any rule under src, denoted by the ... syntax.
NB: This syntax can also be used on the command line, e.g. 
```
 visibility = ["//src/..."],
```

 Would mean any rule in src can access this rule .
```
plz build //src/....
```

## pex files
The python_binary() rule outputs something called a pex. This is very similar to the concept of a .jar file from the java world. All the Python files relating to that build target are zipped up into a self-executable .pex file. This makes deploying and distributing Python simple as there's only one file to distribute.
```
plz build //src:main
```
generates a pex file than contains a single executable file than when run produced the output generated by the python rule main 

## Using a module in another module 
To use this new package in our "hello world" program, we have to add it as a dependency:src/BUILD
```
 deps = ["//src/greetings:greetings"],
```
